continues the crossing of words between
nicolás matured and henrique capriles after
formalize the registration of their
Nominations for the elections of 14
April the opposition leader and aspiring
presidential by the unit table
Democratic Party assured that this is not a
fight against a person but against the
power and asked mature to stop
take refuge in the figure of the deceased
hugo chávez for his part the president
Manager of Venezuela said that the
opposition as he plans to sabotage the
upcoming elections nicolás mature
He affirmed that the cancer suffered by Hugo
Chávez broke all the regularities of
that disease and confirmed that it already works
in shaping the commission that
will investigate the death of the head of state
this campaign is
nicolás and me
leave the president calm with these
words the Venezuelan opposition leader told him
he stepped up to the performances of his
contender in the next elections
April 14 during the presentation of
his candidacy henrique capriles
he questioned that nicolás plus you follow
taking refuge in the figure of the deceased
hugo chávez to win the presidency
this is a completely unequal fight
as a fight
not against a person in a fight
against the state
the power citing article 229 of the
Venezuelan constitution
capriles argued with vice president in
functions can not run for charges
popular here tried to create a
fiction like that was kind of
succession and by which the government does
from Cuba
the Cuban government
the issue is that venezuela in our
homeland
the rulers are elected by votes
not by decree after the conference of
press of the opposition leader the president
manager of venezuela of an interview
to a local media in the
who said he had information that the
opposition would try to sabotage the
elections and is going to pretend to sabotage
by fact of violence the whole process
electoral and then justify a
retreat but good our town is
clear if it stays
until April 14, welcome to the
democracy and our people will have to
do I am sure in my heart that
it's going to be the town the town is going to
choose president of the republic
mature nicolás also assured that the
deceased head of state hugo chávez
I had a cancer that broke all
regularities of the disease confirmed
that the government works on a commission
that would confirm if the disease was
inoculated